Remember to change your orbs for their passive uses during the game. A lot of Invokers like to have their next spell Pre-Voked, but those 3 Wex orbs can make the difference between you catching up to an enemy or not or those 3 Quas orbs early on could save your life mid.
Cold Snap has ridiculous range. Use it to cancel Bottle charges on the enemy mid from a distance if you have vision of them.
Urn of Shadows can trigger a Cold Snap every ~0.5s.
Pay attention to what your teammates are doing before you Tornado in a team fight. It's a great spell and all, but it also has Naga Sleep levels of ruining teammate spells.
Tornado serves as a basic dispel on enemies which allows you to purge a variety of things including runes.
Alacrity can be cast on creeps, siege creeps, and summons (like Forge Spirits).
Forge Spirits are invaluable for pushing. They have amazing range late game, serve as two extra damaging and tanking units, can cut off the creep wave, and they last forever.
Forge Spirits are also great if you're mid to serve as rune control. Spawn a Forge Spirit around 20 seconds before the even minute mark and have it sit at the rune to kill it.
You can cast Ghost Walk while channeling a TP. Just don't change your orbs or Invoke because that'll cancel a channel.
Don't change your orbs in Ghost Walk. Pressing any hotkey will instantly dispel your invis. Ideally, you'll want to throw up 3 Wexes before you Ghost Walk, but you'll rarely be able to pull that off in a gank situation.
Ice Wall is actually ridiculous in the mid lane matchup. With 3 points in Quas it's a 60% slow. If someone's making a move on your high ground and you're trying to shake them off, you can potentially get even more return damage by casting Ice Wall instead of Cold Snap.
With practice, you can lay Ice Wall perpendicularly to catch escaping enemies. It's effectively a 650 range slow if you can aim it right.
Learn and practice the stereotypical Invoker combos: EMP+Tornado, Forge Spirits+Cold Snap, Chaos Meteor+Sun Strike+Deafening Blast, Forge Spirits+Alacrity, Tornado+Sun Strike, Ice Wall+Being the greatest spell in Voker's arsenal that is criminally underused.
The "Catacylsm" talent is cast when Sun Strike is doubled tapped. It puts Sun Strike on a 90 second cooldown and creates 2 visible Sun Strikes within 175-250 range of each enemy hero.